



During the age of Dreams, the Queen of Darkness, Takhisis, made several
attempts to enter Krynn.  These became known as the Dragonwars.  In the
first one, the queen was defeated by a gold dragon named, Aurora, who
sacrificed herself for Krynn, and defeated all five of the evil dragons
aligned against her, her final battle with the red dragon resulted in
herself casting a flesh to stone spell on herself while wrapped around her
adversary, causing him and her to both fall into a pond, thus drowning the
giant red.  The next time, the second dragonwar, the Dark Queen was
defeated by the Elves, who were given magic by the three cousins,
Solinari, Lunitari, and Nuitari.  At that point, the three moons appeared
above Krynn.  The elves trapped the essence of the evil dragons in
stones, called Dragon Stones, and buried them deep within a mountain.
Unfortunatly, this mountain would become known as Thorbardin much much
later.  As the dwarves were digging, they came across these stones, and
accidentily freed the dragons.  The Dark Queen was once again loose on
Krynn, her dragons filling the skys.  This time the hero's of Krynn came
from a rather unlikely, and newly formed country called Solamnia.  The
Knights of Solamnia answered the horns of the Dark Queen with their own
Clarion trumpet call and refused to admit defeat.  The elves, unable to
help this time, could only watch as their forests were over run.  Fighting
until they were pushed back to Vingaard Keep, the knights battled, with
the High Clerists Tower the only other remaining bastion between the
darkness and Palanthas.  An unlikely hero arose from Vingaard Keep.  Huma
Dragonsbane arrived at the keep on a silver dragon, carrying with him
weapons known as Dragonlances.  With these lances, the knights flew to
battle, destroying their enemies.  With the help of a mage named Magius,
Huma and the knights were able to drive back Takhisis' armies time and
again.  Then the renegade, Galas Dracos caught, tortured, and killed
Magius.  Huma's grief was unmeasureable for his childhood friend.  Riding
to battle again, in order to end the battle, Huma was able to defeat Galas
with the help of the staff that Magius used, later called the Staff of
Magius.  But Takhisis had entered the world.  Huma rode to battle against
her, and was able to hit her one time, driving the dragonlance through her
green neck, pinning her to the ground.  The price was devistating.  Huma's
dragon was killed, Huma, mortally wounded, but he extracted one promise
from her.  In order for Huma to release her, she had to return to the
Abyss, and order her dragons into dragonsleep......
  
The time is 1417, four hundered years after Huma's death.  The evil
dragons are gone, and Ansalon is at peace, and has been so for many years.
Istar is gaining in power, and becoming a major place of trade.  The
Solamnic Knighthood has become a beacon of light, honor, justice, and
holiness.  They are known all over Ansalon for their fairness, and many
countries ask them to send advisors to help either plan the defense of
their country for the future, or help design their own order similar to
the knighthoood.  What will your part in this be? Will you
help the people of Ansalon, or join the Knights of Solamnia?  Perhaps you
would prefer to undermine the peace that is currently at hand?  Or maybe
you would rather see to it that a balance is kept so this never happens
again...the choice is yours..the future awaits..

Age of Legends: Tales of the Lance
