Effective Date: May 30th, 2000
Compiled by: Zivilyn

This is the immortal handbook. It is primarily a list of rules
which apply to all immortals regardless of rank or level. Each
rule is listed with a numerical value, the rule itself and then
a brief title which I hope will sort of sum up the rule which 
is in parenthesis.

While I have tried to include all of the most current rules in
this document you should be aware that it may be superseded by
other implementor approved documents or messages that will be
found elsewhere. To help you the immortal keep up with what rule
is the most current the date at the top of this document reflects
when it was created and when the rules listed in it were in
effect. If you find a post or message which expands, overturns
or amends any rule listed here and its date is more recent then
the date of this document that rule should be used in place of
the rule listed here.

Special Note:: You WILL be required to produce the newer version
of the rule for review by the implementors.

     1.) Your immortal and your mortal characters should not be
         on at the same time without special and prior approval
         from an implementor. (No multiplaying IMM and mort rule)

     2.) You should also not have more than one mortal logged in
         at a time.  You can have as many characters in the
         database as you wish, but no more than one logged in at
         once. (No Multiplaying mort and mort rule)

     3.) All immortal equipment shall be made by the designee of
         the building implementor and in accordance with all
         building policies. Furthermore this equipment is to
         have no stats on it nor is it ever to be given out to
         ANY player for any reason. Equipment that is destined
         to wind up in the possession of mortals or in the game
         in any other way will be considered "in game" gear and
         must be built and handled as such. (IMM EQ Rule)

     4.) Pkilling immortal to immortal is illegal and will not be
         tolerated.  Killing morts is different IF IT'S DONE IN A
         ROLE PLAYING SENSE!  If an IMM kills a mort an
         investigation will be done to determine why it was done
         and if it was correct. (IMM fighting and killing rule)

     5.) Imms should not be pthieving from each other or from
         mortals. There's no need for you to take something you
         can just load. (IMM stealing rule)

     6.) Helping people with your mortal is fine, but do not
         powerlevel them and try not to let other mortals know you
         are an IMM.(IMM powerleveling rule)

     7.) At no time shall ANY immortal reveal, disseminate, hint
         at or otherwise give out specific or general information
         of ANY kind to a player. This includes revealing information
         with IMM controlled mortals. This information includes but
         is not limited to: a room, mob or object location; what
         class and or races can or cannot use a piece of equipment;
         what bonuses or penalties a piece of equipment grants; any
         special affects a player may receive from using a piece of
         equipment; the level of a mobile or object; any specifics
         concerning a mobs hitroll, damroll, bare handed damage,
         armor class, stats, spells, or number of attacks; a zones
         difficulty or level range; what mobs can be found in a zone;
         what objs can be found in a zone; what traps are in a zone
         and where they are in it; what key is required to open what
         door and that keys location. The only exception might be for
         a level 1 player asking where they may go, then the appropriate
         response should be equivalent to "Stay around your starting
         city." Any other inquiries concerning this type of information
         should be answered with the equivalent of "I am not allowed
         to tell you that information." The punishment for violating
         this rule is immediate termination by an implementor.
         (IMM revealing game information rule)

     8.) At no time shall any immortal or immortal controlled
         player or mobile reveal that another player is or is not IMM
         controlled. If a player's question is roughly the equivalent
         of "Is person abc an IMM or not?" The reply should be
         equivalent to "I am not allowed to tell you that information"
         REGARDLESS of if the player in question is also an immortal
         or not. (IMM revealing other imams morts rule)

     9.) At no time shall any immortal reveal any information
         about any player. This information includes but is not limited
         to: a players level; number of hours online; race; class; age;
         stats; objects either worn or in inventory; location; if they
         are currently online or not; and when they were last online.
         Again, any inquiries about this type of information should be
         answered with the equivalent of "I am not allowed to tell
         you that information." (IMM revealing player info rule)

     10.) Anytime an immortal interacts with a mortal in any zone
          that is in game and open for all to access it should be done
          in a totally roleplaying format. If the topic of discussion
          is not a roleplay issue (such as gathering more information
          on a bug that the player reported) tells should be used.
          When this is not possible and the immortal and mortal must
          for whatever reason be in the same room then this room shall
          be in a closed zone, not have any immortal board, nor any exits
          to any other rooms which do not also meet these requirements.
          I.E. - Room 1204 would violate this rule since it has an
          immortal board and allows access to other rooms which have
          immortal boards and players can go down to get to r1998 from
          which they can go to Kalaman. Room 1216 would be an
          acceptable as it meets all the above requirements.
          (IMM interacting with a mortal rule.)

     11.) All zones made on this mud are for the property of this
          mud and this mud only.  We will not give them out and they
          will not leave this server. (Not giving out info to other
          muds rule.)
 
     12.) Rent tokens are only to be given out to players who are
          not going to be able to play for five (5) or more days. Any
          player who returns before the time they stated they would be
          gone and asks for another shall NOT receive it.

     13.) At anytime an immortal is dealing with a mortal player,
          be it for administrative, approval, or whatever reason. That
          immortal SHALL be visible to the player being dealt with.
          (Imm visibility rule.)

