[Note: Further information can be gained on the capitalized words by using the
HELP-command]

Classes, skills, and guilds:

       When you enter the game the first time, you are asked to select a class.
    Characters belonging to each of these classes have their own qualities,
    abilities, and handicaps.

       It is not unusual that people belonging to different classes, by joining
    their efforts and combining their skills, find their chances of survival and
    progress greatly improved.  Indeed, a team consisting of members from many
    classes can be an extremely powerful unit: capable of opening doors without
    keys, creating food supplies out of nothing, and destroying an enemy in
    several different ways.  It is not advisable for a new player to offend the
    members of such a group!

       In order to learn the tricks of your specific trade, you need to find a 
    trainer.  Trainers may be difficult to find, but there is usually a trainer
    willing to train a person of every profession.  After that, you can use the
    &cPRACTICE&n command to hone your skills and spells.

Equipment:

       It is never wise to travel without the proper equipment. You may purchase this
    in the &cSHOPS&n found in any larger city, or you may be lucky and find some left
    around, dropped by someone who doesn't need it anymore, for one reason or
    another.

About Staying Healthy - Eating and Drinking:

       At one time or another, you'll see the message "You are hungry".  This means
    that it's time to find something edible before too long.  People don't starve
    to death in this world, so have no fear.  However, when you are hungry, you do
    not build up lost energy, so eventually you'll be unable to do anything but sit
    around and feel sorry for yourself, until someone comes by.  Then, you can only
    hope that it's a benevolent person, rather than a greedy thief or a warrior
    lusting for blood.

General hints:

 See help on the &cGROUP&n command.
 See help on the &cCONSIDER&n command.
 See help on the &cREST&n command.
 See help on your class.
